listen I'm a weakened slate when it
comes to this one which in movie
reviewer terms is like a decade but I
find it funny because movies should be
able to be talked about way past their
opening weekend how this one had so much
hi people we're reviewing it before it
came out opening weekend I don't get why
people overhyped things they don't even
care about right like have y'all noticed
that every now and then a movie appears
that everyone feels the need to talk
about you can check the average number
of critics for any movie that gets
released right and then there will be
that one that makes you question where
the hell all these other critics came
from but I see channels still talking
about the last Jedi as if that was the
only movie that had at the Africa
release the past two years this is one
of those event movies where people who
don't even like it talk about it more
than those who do right it's a set up
movie I just came here to see the lady
who's supposed to beat up purple Barney
how film Twitter goes from bashing
Hollywood for being a money machine and
then acts like Captain Marvel is RBG in
spandex I don't know so in the midst of
the people scared that males may never
be the lead in a movie ever again and
those who think that a superhero will
somehow help women respect the ladies
who do their nails I'm just over here
full of melancholy because I know this
means Captain Marvel is replacing
Captain America let me explain so to me
the movie was a decent rent it I don't
think it's terrible or a revolutionary
tale it's just like all the other solo
Marvel intros for me that said alpha we
know what exactly her powers are I don't
know her likes or dislikes other than
hitting villains with empowerment and
inclusivity but considering the role
she's about to play for the next decade
it's gonna have a bunch more
installments
I'm sure they'll flush it out by Captain
Marvel 5 now Captain Marvel 1 revolves
around Carol the Avenger Danvers which
is funny now because of the franchise
cliche of coming up with names what we
some kind of Suicide Squad but because
it still took fury over a decade to find
another superhero now you know how
Marvel likes to play with genres and
they didn't want to keep it
straightforward by having her start on
earth and then going up into space which
I mean it worked for guardians so
instead they made it kind of like
memento where she starts as an alien and
starts realizing that she may be or
maybe not be a human they have this
eternal sunshine like contraption that
captures her memories as a TiVo through
them at one point to figure out her past
I'm gonna be wrong this reverse
storytelling would have been really dope
if we already didn't know she was human
but I was like expecting someone to go
into a Batman movie incoming outgoing
Bruce Wayne anyways Carol surprisingly
was a human being pilot whose mentor was
an undercover alien protecting the
tesseract one day they crash she dies
protecting it and Carol gets her
superpowers as she shoots it causing
this big explosion which is exactly what
the lady was gonna do with Carol still
standing there Judah Lana's crew then
take her up to their place where he
seduces her making her believe that
she's one of them as Jude Law usually
doesn't a Tuesday she then starts
fighting on their side ignores the
flashes she's getting about her past
thinks Crees are the bad guys and for
some reason has a frohawk in her outfit
look I get that it's from the comics but
like let's get 100 they're not adapting
everything in the comics like this girl
looked like Liberace fighting aliens up
there with our hair follicles all over
the place
I don't know if they were trying to go
for a Travis Bickel thing with taxi
driver for it to be a little bit more
menacing but when you got socking
barbers for hands I don't know pretty
much the beginning to me felt a lot like
Man of Steel first 25 minutes take place
in an alien planet where they all still
look human but have superpowers the
traitors get shipped away while the main
hero lands on earth in hopes of
defeating toxic masculinity they're the
most powerful being in their super group
troupe who's destined to take out the
big baddie that part of film Twitter
complains that the actor playing the
character is too stiff and doesn't show
enough emotion and of course they CGI it
out facial hair for landing on earth
after being captured I thought was kind
of cool because while she's seeing
everything as strange we kind of see it
as a nostalgia so it's this interesting
effect that the audience gets that said
while I didn't mind most of the blatant
Easter eggs pretending to be production
designs since you know I'm a 90's boy
brought that music needed to get cut out
did we not learn anything from Suicide
Squad you guys Marvel are the one who
made a mixtape of old songs but were
able to weave in a motherly story that
made us embrace it and not see it as a
marketing ploy for this one y'all just
click shuffle and now that's what I call
the 90s playlist maybe it didn't bother
some of y'all but I can prove to you why
it could have been better why she
deserved better there's a scene in the
second half of this movie where they get
Carol to do this really big fight to
Gwen Stefani music like they
had the lyrics reminding us that she was
a girl as if we didn't already know off
the poster now imagine if Wonder Woman
yes I know these movies continue to get
compared go figure
imagine if Wonder Woman didn't have that
Mad Max spy kids music in the background
and had this instead no no like I said
I'd fun with it the buddy cop thing that
Carroll and fury got going on I thought
was pretty chill especially when Samuel
forgot to walk like he was younger they
played 20 questions of expositions I get
a little backstory for fury we find out
he went blind from this flurgendorf
prison pocket and I realized that shield
is really just a superhero version of
men and black except their trash brought
my ten years of covering the Marvel
Cinematic Universe
I've never seen an organization get
bamboozled as much as shield does they
have Crees infiltrating an organization
that Hydra already infiltrated that I'm
pretty sure shield infiltrated
themselves at one point it's a complete
mess they're like the Illuminati of this
world in the way that they're the most
secret organization that everyone knows
about bouncers are the bad guys I
thought this was a pretty cool twist
Marvel had me discriminating against
these aliens because I was confusing
them with that she would average from
Avengers ends up being a tragic refugee
story that the kree's were going through
where this man needs a place for his
family I start feeling away about it I
went home and throw away space invaders
and any other problematic piece of space
media that's causing this stigma and
also Ben Mendelsohn was great I love all
you played two parts one is a good guy
agent and the other as an alien named
Talos who looks like a good guy agent
but with makeup I'm not even sure if his
character was consistent like at the
beginning of the movie he's violating
people's spaces he's acting like a super
villain and a half way through they're
just like yeah I forget that pretend to
be a mobsters son and attracts you and
drink from the same cup from pulp
fiction I don't think it makes any sense
but I mess with this and Ben had the
audacity to complement himself in the
movie now that's the movies pretty
standard she realizes she's human
alongside us as she lays the law down on
Jude freeze decrees
and leaves urea beeper to contact her
for whenever it danos arrives which I
would he used to open up does not tell
about here's the thing I really like
brie Larson as an actress
they were parts of this movie that was
shot like an indie drama in the country
that started reminding me of a role in
short term 12 and the emotion she can
convey in her performances but doing the
whole mystery aspect I felt took away
from her relationships that she had back
home because there's a scene with her
friend who kills it in the diner but
then I remembered that all they had in
the flashbacks were one-liners we didn't
really get to see their friendship I
don't even think the daughter was in the
flashbacks but supposedly they have
history so while I think Captain Marvel
could be a great character man I feel
like Marvel did her dirty like think of
it Carole supposed to be so powerful
that she can take out Thanos and his
jarred jewelry collection but Thanos has
been getting hinted at for about a
decade you know they've been hyping him
up he's been able to deliver that y'all
released Captain Marvel about a month
before endgame comes out like imagine
overhyping a friend that much and now
they have to live up to this ridiculous
standard you left for them as bogus
Feige pretty much confirmed that Captain
Marvel was going to become the new
Captain America as the infinity saga
concludes assuring a new heroes like if
the series began with iron man and now
it ends with him I guess that means that
T'Challa will not be the big rich text
even leaves to give Peggy that dance
that means there's a new captain one who
has her own Bucky one who also swapped
her colors up to be the American flag
and one who also signed a very big
contract as Chris was leaving his
contract see I'm excited for the next
saga Marvel has in store I just hope
they take their time building Carole
like they did all the other characters
we love it's going to be like WWE stars
for a new generation you know we're
going to see decades from now kids who
don't know Iron Man or the other
original characters but they know their
current roster and so they have to dig
them back up like it's history just like
the kids who went back to watch rocky
when Creed came out like the Skywalker
story will eventually have to be traced
back as the franchise expands decades in
the future it's like a mantle one
that'll get passed down for a new era
each time and I can't wait to see what
Carole does with them socking boppers I
think you have to checking out this
video I'm Kirsten your thoughts down
below in the comment section I know a
lot of people
a lot of comments dealing with this
movie I've been reading a lot of trash
articles I believe we're eating a lot of
motivational stuff people who love this
movie of the theories that may come out
of what's going to happen in endgame and
stuff moving forward I'm excited for it
I know it I know this video was late and
I'm catching up on a bunch of other
stuff you can see the South by video
that's up right now if you want to check
it out
a bunch of videos coming out for a bunch
of other things I did actually want to
talk about the Stan Lee cameo which I
thought was really cool especially how
it connected to Kevin Smith especially
with this clip right here I put Stan Lee
in a movie and then 24 years later you
return the favor every time I see that
it gets me I think it's one of the best
cameos that he's had I also think that
the post-credits were pretty interesting
not the last last one since everyone
loves the cat I don't really care for
cats and movies I think they're a pop
out of my personal opinion but one of
the other things I did want to talk
about was people realizing that um I
call them Digimon mr. Digimon from
guardians of the galaxy mr. hoo guy he
was in this movie and so was Ronan so
it's kind of funny knowing that this
movie takes place before we see them in
guardians of the galaxy where we thought
they were like all these super menacing
here brought they lost in this movie
that means when Yuri watch guardians of
the galaxy you're seeing these guys and
they're not as menacing because they're
coming in oh - they're losers other than
I don't care to know your thoughts I
enjoyed the movie it's just like all the
other number ones you know Thor and
Captain America and that is great as
Iron Man but I think it's up there with
the other ones it's in the same place
and I think by the time she gets her
second one especially a third one as
Marvel does a really great job with
other threes I think you're gonna have a
fantastic movie and then I'm curious
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send you a
free blockbuster rental